docs(faq): add faqs related to slow/stuck transactions (#10)
joinmarket-webui/jamdocs: docs/FAQ.md

[lockfile-issue]: https://github.com/joinmarket-webui/joinmarket-webui/issues/173#issuecomment-1069086553

### Why is my collaborative transaction taking so long?

This can have multiple reasons. Tor or general network connection issues,
participants not responding in a timely manner, missing requirements to
source commitments ([see the docs][sourcing-commitments]), period of slow
block production, unexpected increase of transaction fees, etc.

[sourcing-commitments]: https://github.com/JoinMarket-Org/joinmarket-clientserver/blob/v0.9.7/docs/SOURCING-COMMITMENTS.md

For a better assessment, the following can be taken as a guideline:

- single collaborative transactions generally take only a few minutes (<15min)
- a scheduled sweep can take hours, even days (<3days)

> If something takes longer that this, then there might be a different issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an operation takes longer than that, then there might be a different issue.
```
